alright bud groaning as an eminent
rotten this is the rival rebels mod oh
my god well part of it so this is the
plasma cannon I said part of the rival
rebels so the reads are bunched up in
there and not to assure you but um there
is a bunch of stuff now I have the
plasma cannon like said this bunch stuff
but like a mite Tesla Tesla's them you
know the electric thing got rocket
launchers and stuff which I'm going to
do in all the videos because mod is
massive this is a single mod it is a mod
pack so yeah it's awesome so the way
craft this plasma cannon which is
awesome yeah so the way craft it is it's
really simple it don't look simple but
it is really simple so all you need is a
battery and some players just you crave
that just using cops on in like they way
it would crap shears with them out but
then the batteries are simple you just
got to coppell top did there and SAT
there I think you can switch them around
really don't forget much at all but
don't kiss it was whatever but it's one
of them please then you'll need some
steel which is crap with cover song like
that and then you'll get 16 and then you
need to cross off some Rob's no you need
three these and they enjoy crafted light
with steel and the place so it's couple
more steps for you actually get your
posh gun that's right it's there that's
where it is just put that oh yeah like
that yeah so once you have your three
rods you also need to go over stuff so
once your album you know you need to
grab yourself like forward players think
one battery the steel that should be
enough to grab them fit they grabbed
sell three rods like so then you need to
craft yourself with the rods you just
put it in with the water bucket and that
will give you a hatch them up and then
give me three of them all together and
they just crafted ice 3 at the top 300
mod adds up you got the battery there
the players there and then steal a
bottom and that will give you a plasma
cannon now this thing is freaking
awesome it's so good so it's good ate
the texture is pretty pretty down cool
also i want to show you a thought look
at the slipping
don't look list of the net only to show
you the actual textures of this when you
hold one of these just look at that lit
like the animations and their fees just
so good in this month so whip it up so I
can't really show you that much with the
personal kind of apart from it flings
mobs open this guy if you hit him just
right so we got Roger here I just hit
Roger I'm sorry Roger so we got it has
some cool sounds as well I got stuff in
it stop running oh right so Lex said you
gotta hit them right to make fling
operations I'm not sure what rat is we
went over there which won't respond a
bunch or more try and get want to fling
go in sky you ready oh my god make a
wheels hey don't see to be working where
it will repeat what you don't seem too
what why maybe fitting underneath no
they don't actually do that much damage
but it is still is pretty epic so you
don't have to charge it i'm just reading
it ya feel the powerful shot it's like a
boar get you know like if you've done it
you don't get as big of a punch as you
would appear told me just what faster
but if you're close then you might as
well tap it so if you like this class
yeah you just got on I guess when you
charge this goes really fast yeah yeah p
but that's really about if to this month
rebel rebel oh i'll be doing more mods
fight videos i guess on this mod with
them the rocket launcher the tesla which
is pretty awesome that's what Tesla did
sneak peek of what the Tesla can do it
should just me playing around vit de
Ferran at random have been helpful
they're just this could be awesome so
subscribe if you're ready not if you
enjoyed the video hit like button and
I'll see you guys next time